---
title: "Welcome to My Website!"
date: 2025-01-09 22:45:00 +0530
description: Here's to the start of something exciting!  
categories: [Blogging, Updates]
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: /assets/img/cover_welcome_post.jpg
---

Hello and welcome! I’m excited to announce the launch of my personal website.  

I’m Shiva, a PhD scholar at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras, India. This website serves as a dynamic platform to showcase my research, functioning as an online curriculum vitae. Additionally, it features a blog where I share my thoughts and experiences.  

---  

## About this website  
This website is organized into three main sections:
- **About Me**: A detailed overview of my academic journey, experiences, and achievements.
- **Publications**: A list of my peer-reviewed research publications.
- **Blog**: This page features a categorized list of my blog posts, which often delve into topics related to computational mechanics and scientific programming. Apart from that I plan to document my experiences and takeaways from attending both national and international conferences, with a glimpse into the cities and cultures I encounter along the way. I might also post something entirely unrelated to academia, this blog is my canvas to share it all.  

Additionally, the **Home** page features selected posts, and the **Archive** page provides a timeline view for easy navigation through my blog history.

---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  
I wanted a platform to not only display my research but also share my knowledge and discoveries that might help others in similar fields. Whether you're a fellow researcher, a student, or just someone curious, I hope you'll find value in what I share here. Feel free to explore, share your thoughts.  

Thank you for stopping by, and I hope you enjoy reading as much as I enjoy writing!  
*– shiva*  
